Spelling suggestions (#146)
exercism/docs: building/markdown/internal-linking.md

# Internal Linking

> Links rendered via Exercism's Markdown parser are checked to see if they are internal, and if so may be decorated with tool-tips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Links rendered via Exercism's Markdown parser are checked to see if they are internal, and if so may be decorated with tooltips.
```

> A tool-tip for a concept might look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tooltip for a concept might look like this:
```
